







CST-117

Yellow Group

Alexander Verdi

Brenton Hodge

Software Requirements Specification


 
1.	Introduction

The following document will outline the use of the developed inventory software for McNally Enterprises Inc. for use by Project Managers, Department Heads and Dock Managers. Questions for Client

2.	Questions for Client.
a.	Will the software be primarily for internal use or external use?
b.	Which information is most critical for reporting?
c.	How should reports be generated? (within software, exported as document, emailed, etc.)
d.	How many criteria should be considered for each item? (Quantity, Size, Material, etc.)
e.	How should metrics be reported? (Spreadsheet, Graph, etc.)
3.	Answers from Client
a.	Software will be for internal use as a system to maintain and upkeep equipment. 
b.	The most important criteria to keep track of will be location, status, when it was checked out, when it was checked in, and how it was transported. Such as a box truck or employee vehicle.
c.	Reports should be viewable within the software and be able to be exported as a PDF
d.	Criteria constantly change as new equipment or shows become available, so an editable field with different data types (quantity, date, times, job etc.)
e.	An easy to view table to check usage count and each in/out log with date stamps would be preferred.
4.	Needs based off Answers from client
a.	Software will be used for inventory status and location tracking for internal use within the company.
b.	Software will allow new items to be created at will, each new item will have options for current location, status, check in date/time, check out date/time, and temporary location field to show which vehicle is transporting it to and from a location.
c.	All records should be viewable within the software and exportable as a pdf with selectable fields to include within the report
d.	New data points should be creatable at will for each item, items should be able to be grouped for ease of managing inventory.
e.	Reports should be generated as a table giving total number of check outs as well as individual in/out date/time stamps.
5.	Use Case
a.	 
b.	 
































Item:	Status:	Location	Check-In	Check-Out	Add Field+
S4 Leko	In Stock	Warehouse	06/08/17	N/A	
Mac Aura	On Event	Event 1	06/08/17	06/10/17	

